I’ve looked everywhere but I can’t find Mark. If I’m not home soon, my parents will worry. So I try shouting.
'Mark, where are you?'
Nothing, no answer.
'Mark,' I shout again, 'I know about you.'
After a moment, I hear his voicccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccce.
'What do you know? How do you know my name?' I turn aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand there he is.
'Your dad was on TV last night. The police are looking for you.'
He looks shocked and asks, 'Did you say anything? Have you told them?'
'No,' I say. 'I wanted to talk to you first. What’s happened? Why have you run away?'
He looks at the ground.
'I had an argument with myyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy dad. A baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad one.'
'What about?' I ask. Mark points to a faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallen tree and we sit down.
'My mum died four years ago. It was very hard for me and for Dad. He was sad for a long time, but then he met someone new. Mel’s her name.'
'Oh, and don’t you like her?' I ask.
'No, not much. Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhe’s not a bad person, but we doooooooooooooooooooooon’t really connect. She wants my dad for herself and isn’t interested in me. I don’t think she wants me around.'
'But, what about your dad? Have you talked to him?'
'He keeps telling me to maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaake an effort with her, but I can’t. The night I ran away, he came to my room and said that we’re all moving to London. Mel’s from London, you see. And then he told me that he and Mel want to get married and have a baby. We both got angry and I told him I’m not moving to London. I took my tent and left in the middle of the night.'
'But what will you do? You can’t live in the forest', I tell him.
'I know, but my grandad and my friends are in Maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaanchester. I don’t want to move to London.'
'You might like London,' I saaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay.
'That’s what my dad says too.'
I feel sorry for Mark, but I think of his dad crying on TV and feel sorry for him too. 
'What are you going to do?' I ask.
'I don’t know. I need time to think.'